Bapy bapy bapy Bapy bapy bapy Bapy bapy bapy Bapy bapy bapy Bapy bapy bapy
===
title: RainaNightB
tags:
---
-> Raina is sitting outside.
        -> I should see if he’s ok.
<<goToSolo Raina>>
-> Welcome back.
Raina: Hello there, Willow.
-> You’re not sitting with the others?
Raina: I thought I’d take some time for myself.
-> You’ve had a long day.
Raina (disappointed): Yes, that’s one way to put it. 
-> You all did well.
Raina: We fought as well as we could have. 
Raina: But it was close, far too close.
Raina: But we’re safe. 
Raina: ...for now.
Raina (neutral): You should go check on the kids.
-> Why do you say that?
Raina: They seem pretty shaken. 
Raina: It was rough out there today.
-> And what about you?
Raina: You don’t have to worry about me.
-> The others are worried.
Raina: Oh!
Raina: Are they hurt?
Raina: Maybe I should go check on them-
-> I think they’re worried about you.
Raina (disappointed): They shouldn’t be.
Raina: I’m fine, I know what I’m doing out there.
-> You’ve fought the Frost before?
Raina (neutral): Yes. Not on this scale, but I have.
Raina: I used to be part of the city guard back home.
Raina: They didn’t attack often, but it was a constant threat.
Raina: Well, more frequent now, compared to a decade ago.
-> Why did you leave?
Raina: It was the right thing to do. 
Raina: Things were getting worse, and I had to do something.
Raina: We fought them off each time, but they just kept coming back.
Raina: It stopped being a legend, a ghost story to tell children at night.
Raina: It was something that happened to a friend of a friend, someone you knew.
Raina: Until my partner was almost taken.
-> What happened?
Raina: We won, but it was close. Too close.
Raina: I thought I was going to lose them forever.
Raina: I couldn’t just stand around and wait for the Frost to come after us again.
Raina: I had to do something, to make it all stop.
-> So you left?
Raina (disappointed): Yes. I had to. 
Raina: To protect them.
-> But what did they want?
Raina: They… 
Raina (neutral): They asked me to stay, but I couldn’t, not without knowing what was going on.
Raina: I had to know why the Frost kept coming back, why things were getting worse.
Raina: When they came asking, I volunteered. 
Raina: To protect them.
Raina (disappointed): But I had to leave them behind. 
Raina: They’re safer there, in the city, where there are guards.
-> Do you regret it?
Raina (neutral): No. I can’t.
Raina: Can you imagine if it was just Bapy and Soleil out here? 
Raina: They wouldn’t last a day. 
Raina: And that’s if they even got here in one piece.
Raina: What is a kid like Bapy even doing out here, at the end of the world?
-> You’re very worried for them.
Raina: Of course I am! 
Raina: It’s not safe out there. 
Raina: We did fine today. 
Raina: But what if it only gets more dangerous from here?
Raina (disappointed): Soleil barely listens to me. 
Raina: She’s better now than before, but I’m scared she’ll do something reckless.
Raina: And Bapy is just so young. 
Raina (neutral): If anything happens, it’ll be my fault.
-> You think so?
Raina: What if I’m not fast enough? 
Raina: What if I slip up and one of them gets taken? 
-> You want to protect them.
Raina: Of course I do! 
Raina: If I don’t, who will? 
Raina (disappointed): But I don’t even know if I can.
-> The others are worried for you too.
Raina: They shouldn’t be. 
Raina: I wish they weren’t.
Raina: I have to be okay.
Raina: I will be okay, for their sake. 
-> You don’t want them to know?
Raina (neutral): No. I can’t put this on them. 
Raina: That’s not fair for them.
-> That’s not fair for you, either.
Raina (disappointed): I- I suppose not. 
-> You want to hide it from them?
Raina: No. Well, in a way, yes. 
Raina: I don’t want them to see this part of me.
Raina (neutral): I want to be strong for them.
Raina: But it seems I’ve been worrying them even so. 
-> I think the others want to be there for you.
        -> In any way they can.
                -> Maybe you could give them the chance. 
Raina: Maybe I should.
Raina: Or at least, they deserve to know what’s going on.
-> Would you like to go talk to them?
Raina: I will. Soon.
Raina (smile eyes closed): They deserve that much.
Raina: ...
Raina (disappointed): I’m not sure where to start.
-> Take your time.
Raina (reassuring smile): I think I will.
Raina: I can’t carry on like this.
Raina (smile eyes closed): After all, I’m not here alone.


===


title: CampfireNightB
tags: 


---


-> Hey, everyone!
Soleil: Hey, Willow.
Bapy (smile): Hi! 
-> Raina wanted to talk to you.
Raina: I did. 
Soleil (frustrated): Oh. 
Bapy (neutral): What’s wrong?
Raina: It’s about how I’ve been acting out there.
Soleil (neutral): You mean, how you’ve been fussing over us non-stop? 
Soleil: Never letting Bapy out of your sight?
Bapy: Soleil! 
Raina (disappointed): No, she’s right.
Raina: I’ve been scared, I think, of not being enough to protect you two.
Soleil: That’s not your job.
Raina: But it is. I can’t let any of you be taken by the Frost. It’s why I’m out here.
Raina (neutral): In a way, at least.
Raina: I used to be part of the city guard. 
Raina: I came out here after my partner was attacked.
Raina: They weren’t taken, but it was close. 
Raina: ...
Raina (disappointed): We got lucky. 
Raina: I had to make sure it wouldn’t happen again. 
Raina (neutral): Not to them, not to anyone.
Raina: I thought if I came out here, I’d be able to stop the Frost from coming for us ever again.
Raina: But all I’ve done is fret over you two.
Raina: Even after you’ve both proven yourself, over and over again.
Raina: I left so much behind, and I don’t know if I did the right thing.
Raina: But that’s all too late now.
Soleil (Frustrated): ...
Soleil (neutral): But you’ll go back. 
Bapy (smile): We’ll get through this. 
Soleil: You’ll just have to make it up to them.
Raina (disappointed): That won’t be easy. 
Soleil: Me neither. I’m not sure if I can.
Soleil: I left my family behind for this. They don’t even know why I left.
Raina (neutral): Ah. You and Lua-
Soleil: Yes.
Bapy (neutral): Lua?
Soleil (frustrated): My family is... traditional. They wouldn’t have approved, if they’d known. 
Soleil: I couldn’t let them find out. They’d be so disappointed in me.
Soleil: And then after Lua was taken, I couldn’t- I just couldn’t explain.
Soleil: They knew something was wrong, but I didn’t even know where to start.
Soleil: So I ran away. I told myself I came out here to get Lua back, but the truth is, I ran away. 
Raina (disappointed): Oh, Soleil...
Bapy (neutral): Is that why you and Lua... 
Soleil: No. Sort of. It’s not why exactly we fought. But it was part of it.
//Soleil: She needed to know how serious I was. 
//Soleil: About her. And us. And I am. 
Soleil: She wanted to meet my parents. 
Soleil: It’s not that she needed me to be out, exactly.
Soleil: But there’s just no version of us, long term, that doesn’t involve them knowing about me. 
Soleil: She didn’t want us- our relationship - to be something I was ashamed of.
Soleil: But I couldn’t let my family find out. I just can’t.
Soleil: And Lua... she comes from a different place than me. A different family.
Soleil: She didn’t understand, and I didn’t know how to explain. 
Soleil (neutral): I- I didn’t want her to think badly of us. 
Soleil: If I’d known... I should have known better... 
Soleil (frustrated): I should have just agreed with her. 
Soleil: If I had, she wouldn’t have been taken.
Bapy: I’m sure that’s not true-
Soleil: I always insisted on meeting in the away from crowds
Soleil: I didn’t want to be seen.
Soleil: If we’d just been in public, or at home, maybe... 
Raina (neutral): When my partner was almost taken, they were surrounded by others.
Raina: It was broad daylight.
Raina: Maybe Lua would have been safe, maybe she wouldn’t. But it’s not your fault.
Raina (reassuring smile): Not her abduction, or your fight either.
Soleil: But if I’d just done the right thing and agreed-
Raina: I don’t know if there was really a right thing to do.
Raina: You know your family best. 
Raina: Better than Lua. If you couldn’t, you had good reason for it.
Soleil: I thought I did. 
Soleil: I just don’t know if it was worth it, now that Lua... 
Bapy (smile): But we got her back! 
Bapy: We did the impossible, together.
Raina: Lua’s safe now. 
Soleil (neutral): Is she? She’s still frozen. Where do we go from here?
Soleil: And what if she’s changed when she wakes up? 
Soleil: And that’s if she even wakes up. She might not. 
Soleil (frustrated): They say the Frost freezes the love out of people. What if...
Bapy: You’re worried she won’t love you anymore?
Soleil (cry): ... 
Bapy: Then you’ll have to get her to fall in love with you again.
Soleil: I-
Raina: You came all this way and did the impossible.
Raina: You never gave up on her before. 
Raina: You can’t give up now.
Soleil: You’re so sure she’ll even wake up.
Raina: If she’s anything like you, she’s a fighter. 
Raina: She’ll pull through.
Soleil: ... 
Soleil: Thank you.
Soleil: I just wish I’d been braver, from the start. 
Soleil: We wouldn’t be in this mess if I’d just... 
Raina (smile eyes closed): I don’t think it’s just about bravery.
Raina: None of this, the way things are, how your family is, none of that is your fault.
Raina: There’s absolutely nothing wrong with you, Soleil. Not for this. 
Soleil: I-
Soleil (shy smile): ...
Soleil (shy smile): I think I needed to hear that. 
Raina (reassuring smile): And you are brave. Both of you are tougher than I gave you credit for.
Raina (: It’s just- it’s hard to look past that, tell myself it’s okay to lean on you. 
Raina: You’re all already going through so much.
Bapy (neutral): You are too.
Raina: But it’s my job to keep you safe.
Soleil: That’s not your job.
Soleil: Taking care of us isn’t just on you.
Bapy (smile): It’s on all of us, right? 
Bapy (neutral): We’ll just have to share the blame when things go wrong.
Soleil (neutral): We know we’re just kids compared to you.
Soleil: And it helps that you can take the lead.
Soleil: I know I wouldn’t be able to handle things on my own out there.
Soleil (frustrated): But it’s hard to trust you when you don’t trust us either.
Bapy: It’s hard to fight when I know you’re worried about me, everytime I’m out of your sight.
Bapy: I know I don’t know what I’m doing, compared to you two.
Bapy: But I’m learning!
Soleil (shy smile): It’s true. You’ve improved a lot since last week.
Raina (reassuring): You really have. And I’m proud of you both.
Raina (smile eyes closed): ...
Raina: I’m going to try.
Soleil: I get it won’t be easy.
Raina: Yes. But I promise I’ll be doing my best. 
Raina (reassuring smile): And I hope you two will feel safe to let me know if I overstep. 
Soleil (teasing smile): Oh, we will.
Bapy (smile): Yeah.
Soleil (shy smile): And thank you for telling us. 
Soleil: It helps, knowing where you’re coming from.
Raina: That goes for you too.
Raina: It couldn’t have been easy.
Soleil: I never had the chance to talk about Lua, or us, to anyone.
Soleil: It’s weird. It feels more… real, in a way.
Raina: Yeah, I get that. 
Raina: Thank you, both of you, for giving me a chance to explain myself. For listening. 
Raina: I couldn’t be prouder of you two, I hope you know that.




===
Is Raina a "hey" type of guy? I feel like he'd be more likely to say hello or something lol
Redundant with the above two lines. Trim?
What things? More specific
Maybe trim, the player already knows this
This is almost a direct repetition of what Soleil says in Night A, which might be intentional but might not be, but I figure it's important to be aware of
should probably make more specific
Doesn't actually happen, but I forgot to write the backstory timeline lol. I'll get on that
Maybe be more like "it was for their own good" to communicate overbearingness?
Phrasing is a little too vague here, when I first read it I though "dont you mean with what's going on?" assuming that what was going on meant the frost attacks, but now I realize that you mean not knowing how the frost can be stopped
I like this parallel a lot
Same!
Can probably trim most of this from the solo scene, cause the it will be redundant for the player in the party scene
Redundant with the next paragraph, maybe trim?
How would raina know this? Maybe like "the storm is getting stronger or something"
Seconding, or maybe some of Raina's previous battle experience for some extra lore could help here (there's always another stronger wave or something, etc)
I like that a lot!
Bapy might know this from the boss fight?
maybe need an after battle cutscene where the team discovers/recovers luicicle and willow establishes she can melt
Willow knows lua is alive in the ice cube bc ~magic~
This line should go to willow but willow hasn't spoken in a whole page?
WAHHH THIS IS SO SWEET IM CRY
I love this section as well!