Bapy bapy bapy Bapy bapy bapy Bapy bapy bapy Bapy bapy bapy Bapy bapy bapy
 ===


title: SoleilNightA
tags: 
---
-> Soleil is sitting outside.
    -> I should see if she is okay.
<<goToSolo Soleil>>
-> Hello there.
Soleil (frustrated): What do you want?
-> Why are you sitting so far from the fire? 
->Aren’t you going to get cold?
Soleil: This is nothing. I’ve been through worse.
-> Is it colder where you’re from?
Soleil: I-no. It was warm. Hot. But it’s been a while.
-> That doesn’t mean you won’t get cold.
Soleil: I’ll be fine. 
Soleil: You should check on the others.
-> I think they’re worried for you.
Soleil (neutral): They shouldn’t be. I’m not worried about them. 
Soleil: I just need them to stay out of my way.
-> What do you mean?
Soleil: That kid has no place out here. 
Soleil (frustrated): I don’t have the time to hold their hand and play nice during battle.
-> You traveled here together with them.
Soleil: I only joined them a month ago.
Soleil: I didn’t come here for them. 
->You don’t want Bapy here?
Soleil (neutral): Of course not! 
Soleil: What the hell are they even doing out here at the end of the world? 
Soleil: The kid’s a liability. 
Soleil (frustrated): They don’t know what the Frost is capable of.
-> You’ve seen them before?
        Soleil (frustrated): Once. And only from a distance.
-> You’ve fought them before?
        Soleil (frustrated): That’d be an exaggeration. I wish I had.
Soleil: That was a long time ago.
-> From back home?
Soleil: Yeah... We knew it happened. 
Soleil: We’d hear of the Frost taking people, never to be seen again.
Soleil: It would happen to a friend of a friend, or someone down the street.
Soleil: But then it happened to someone I cared about.
Soleil: We weren’t prepared. I should have been.
-> It wasn’t your fault.
        Soleil: But it was.
        Soleil: If I’d been there…
        Soleil: I could have done something. 
-> It shouldn’t have been just your job.
        Soleil: But it was.
Soleil: My family... Magic has run in my family for as long as we can remember.
Soleil: But we haven’t had to use it to fight for generations. 
Soleil(neutral): I wasn’t ready.
-> That doesn’t mean it was on you.
Soleil(frustrated): I- well- 
Soleil: maybe not. 
Soleil (neutral): But it was. And I wasn’t enough. 
Soleil: I wasn’t there. 
Soleil (frustrated): And now she’s gone.
-> I’m sorry.
Soleil: I left for the Outpost as soon as I could. 
Soleil: I had to. 
-> For revenge?
Soleil: No. To get back what I lost. 
-> What happened?
Soleil(neutral): I- it was stupid. 
Soleil: We just had a fight. I was so mad, and for what?
Soleil: I said so many things I never should have said, things I didn’t mean-
Soleil: I never got a chance to apologize. 
Soleil: I went back the next day. 
Soleil: I wanted to explain myself, only to hear she was...gone. 
Soleil: Taken in the night.
Soleil: I can’t- It never should have happened. 
Soleil: If I had been there, this never would have happened. 
Soleil: I left everything behind to come here. I’ve got to get her back.
-> Do you think it’ll work?
Soleil: Yes. No. I haven’t heard of anyone returning.
->Do you think you can get her back
Soleil: I- I have to believe I can. 
Soleil (neutral): I know it’s never been done before. 
Soleil: But I just couldn’t keep standing around, doing nothing.
Soleil: I came all this way already. 
Soleil: This has to work.
Soleil(frustrated): I don’t know what I’m going to do if it doesn’t. 
Soleil: I left everything behind to come here. 
Soleil: If I don’t get Lua back, I’ll be all alone.
<<progressTheme>>
-> But you won’t be.
Soleil: What?
-> You won’t be alone. You’re not alone right now.
Soleil(neutral): That’s not the same. 
Soleil: It’s not even close to being the same.
-> Of course not. 
        -> But they can help you.
Soleil: What? No. I don’t need their help. 
Soleil(frustrated): I just- I wasn’t ready, back then. 
Soleil (neutral): If I had been there for her, everything would have been fine.
-> Do you really think so?
Soleil: I- I don’t know. 
Soleil: I thought I could have. But after fighting them out there-
Soleil (frustrated): I don’t know.
-> Could you have fought them off alone?
Soleil: Yes. No. I thought I could have.
Soleil (frustrated): But now... I don’t know.
Soleil: This morning was the first time I’ve ever fought the Frost.
-> How was it?
Soleil: A lot. Too much. I barely knew what I was doing.
Soleil: I was so sure once I finally got out here it’d all make sense. 
Soleil: But out there, I was as helpless as I was back at home.
Soleil (frustrated): ...
Soleil (cry): What am I going to do?
-> But you do have help, out here.
        -> You’re not alone.
                -> The others are worried for you.
Soleil: ...
Soleil (frustrated): You’re right. 
Soleil: I was so reckless out there, I didn’t even think about asking for help.
Soleil: I kept telling myself that they were a liability.
Soleil: But the truth is I’m just as bad.
Soleil: Maybe worse.
Soleil: They must be so mad.
-> Maybe.
        -> You should ask them yourself.
Soleil (shy smile): ...I should.
Soleil (frustrated): I can’t save Lua alone.




===


title: CampfireNightA
tags;

---


Soleil(frustrated): Hey. 
Bapy: O-oh!
Bapy (smile): Hi!
Raina (disappointed):...
Bapy: Do you want to sit closer? 
Soleil: I- I’m fine here. 
Soleil (neutral): But thank you.
Bapy(neutral): Okay!
Raina:...
->Soleil has something to tell you.
Soleil (frustrated): Ugh.
Raina (neutral): Really.
Bapy(neutral): What’s up?
-> You can do it!
Soleil: I- well...
Soleil (neutral): I’d like to apologize for how I was out there.
Soleil: And how I’ve been the whole trip here.
Soleil(frustrated): Everything has been going wrong for me, to be honest.
Raina: I understand that. I really do.
Raina (disappointed): But that doesn’t excuse the way you’ve been acting.
Soleil: I know. It wasn’t fair on you two.
Soleil: So.
Soleil (neutral): I’m sorry.
Raina: ...
Bapy(smile): That’s okay!
Soleil: I- really?
Raina: No.
Bapy: Yes! 
Soleil (frustrated): I promise I won’t be so reckless out there anymore.
Bapy: We were so worried for you! Especially Raina!
Raina (smile eyes closed): I was not.
Bapy: But it made sense.
Bapy: You were always in the biggest rush to get out here.
Soleil: That’s true.
Soleil: I made it all the way out here, just to realize I couldn’t do this alone.
Soleil: I need your help out there. 
Soleil (neutral): If you give me another chance, I want us to work together.
Bapy: Of course!
Raina (neutral): Why the sudden change of heart?
Soleil: We came really close to death, today.
Soleil: Any one of us... could have just lost everything.
Soleil:I would have come all this way for nothing.
Raina: And why’d you come out here?
Soleil (frustrated): A year ago, I lost someone to the Frost.
Soleil: Someone really important to me.
Soleil (neutral): I came out here to get her back.
Bapy (neutral): You can do that?
Raina (neutral): No one’s done it, as far as I know.
Soleil: But I had to do something. 
Soleil: I have to try.
Bapy: She must be really important to you, for you to come all this way...
Soleil (shy smile): She is.
Soleil (neutral): I can’t let things end the way they did.
Raina: What happened?
Soleil(frustrated): I- we had a fight. She wanted to know if I was serious.
Soleil: About her. About us.
Soleil: And I am. But I’m also just… 
Raina (reassuring smile): Scared?
Soleil: That sounds about right. 
Soleil: And too scared to admit it, too.
Soleil: And now, I don’t know if I’ll ever get the chance... 
Bapy (smile): You will. 
Bapy: You’ve come all this way, you can’t back down now.
Raina: You’ll get your chance to talk things out.
Raina: We’ll make sure of it.
Raina: You’ll get her back.
Bapy: We’ll all be there with you, fighting by your side!
Soleil (shy smile): All of us, huh?
Bapy: Yeah!
Raina (smile eyes closed): Yeah… 


===